# Node2Vec
This folder contains scripts testing if the [word2vec](https://radimrehurek.com/gensim/models/word2vec.html) approach defined for _words_ could also work for _graph nodes_. The problem takled by _word2vec_ is the one of finding an embedding where the similarity between words corresponds to a similarity in the embedded representation. Applying this task for graphs could be useful for defining similar vertices among different graphs. 

__Note:__ the scripts contained in this repository are based on the [node2vec](https://github.com/aditya-grover/node2vec) repository.

## Structure
The structure of the repository is here described:
  * The [node2vec](graph_similarity) folder contains the framework being developed for testing the _word2vec_ approach for graph vertices.
  * The scripts present in the root folder (the same folder containing this README file) show some exaples on how to use the developed framework.

  * The [src](./src) folder contains the _node2vec_ implementation of the [repository](https://github.com/aditya-grover/node2vec) mentioned above, and is to be used as reference for further developement.
  * The [load_and_generate_graph_variations](load_and_generate_graph_variations.py) script tests the developed framework and shows how one can load example graph structures and extract corresponding subgraphs. The script also shows how to modify such subgraph by adding/removing edges to/from the generated graphs. The main idea behind creating subgraphs on demand, is to be able to generate a collection of _partially_ overlypping graph structures which will be used as data to test if the embedding generated by _node2vec_ captures graph similarity.
